two three go utterly brilliant
that's why mallet is I am so utterly
brawny cuz I can actually do that but
anyway thank you very much and paid all
we have time for today and they say
thank you very much indeed you crazy key
and too miss thingy for giving away the
Gaghan chef actually how it's done I
could do that and thank you very much to
the nutty nourishes from some boxing -
that's tomorrow yes we are the boxing if
you are lucky picky bunking you won't be
in a box but if you're watching tomorrow
you have to make sure that you've got a
box watching the show with you tomorrow
when you think of yourself where am I
gonna get a box um remember there'll be
loads and squillions and boxes that you
open all your presence so keep all the
boxes put them all out in front of the
telly so they can watch this show you're
telling was made for tomorrow
so it's baggy in tomorrow morning
because it'll be totally utterly pretty
fixed to boot timmy mallett and pinky
ponky are currently starring in the
utterly brilliant production of Jack and
the Beanstalk at the hexagon ready
you know it's PG tipps that keeps us
Jamie hello I want to book a family
holiday great value for money with
action in the water entertainment
and yeah it is
Butlins of course hi it's me again
there's a lot of surprises so come on in
those fantastic bargains on over 200
famous name feds this one's half priced
only 189 pounds and amazing bargains on
over 3,000 cars its many at half price
so get down to our life this week and
really surprise yourself when you put
the cat out tonight
don't forget the empties now stay
together children and of course we all
enjoy Kellogg's Rice Krispies as part of
this nutritious breakfast
quick reverse the flow
gotcha Kellogg's Rice Krispies now that
sounds like breakfast
good morning and Merry Christmas from
all of us here at Scottish television at
10:35 this Christmas morning Judy foster
stars in the comedy film Disney's
candleshoe
then at 12:30 more laughs and a
Christmas special edition of the classic
sitcom nearest and dearest it's back to
the 1950s at one o'clock to get some in
then classic comedy with Leonard
Rossiter at 1:30 now on Scottish
Christmas morning worship
you